I don't know if we ever spent time in that. I can't remember spending time in the house and doing things.
It was always had doors and it was a brilliant place to be because when we moved there, it was a very different place.
Because it wasn't all kind of first and things like that covering all those hills at that time.
They were kind of curtained around the sides of some of the hills which are there on the top, you know,
Sugarloaf kind of just up behind the village there kind of was bald on the top like my head.
The part, great part behind, the little part, the globe which was directly opposite where our house was.
The forest encryption hadn't started on that. They hadn't started on much of it at all.
They were just starting to kind of acquire the land and start the operation of putting the trees in.
It was quite different and we obviously went to the village school.
So I can remember we walked every day kind of, my brothers and sisters, we walked down to the Abbey school,
which is where you're from, talking from today I assume.
Yes it is. We're actually sitting in the junior room.
All right, yes, yeah, yeah, well most of the time it was kind of weird.
It was just two rooms basically at the time there then.
But yeah, it was, there were lots of lots of memories but most of it as I said was outdoors.
We played outdoors. We were, I think my parents just like us out of the house to be honest.
And we were given a lot of freedom. That's the thing that you see so different from today.
Because we used to just, we used to walk all over the place.
Our friends were kind of, Robert who used to live in Coompoyth, which is North Co...
The Griffiths live in Coompoyth, isn't it?
And a bit further down, Kevin Pohl.
Yes.
She's up on the right as you're leaving the village and things like that.
And we used to walk down to the village over the saddle as it is between the
globe and the sugarloaf there over the top.
The little track that brings you out by David's old petrol pump.
When you finished the school, the junior school, where did you go to school after that?
We landed in the drum school. So we were bussed then.
Yeah, the bus collected us every morning when it could.
If we didn't get a week, extra week off every winter because of the snow and the bus couldn't
get up, we were disappointed because it didn't take them much to stop the buses in those days.
Now I'm sure.
But yeah, we went to Llanderind and there were a smallish number that were kind of
going on the bus, I suppose.
Because at that time you got Grammar and Secondary Mordaing in Llanderind as well.
I don't think the ME could come here, junior school.
It was a brilliantly happy place.
I can never remember unhappy times there, except for when the dentist used to come with his
caravan. He used to park his caravan on the yard as his dental surgery.
And everybody had to have a dental appointment.
From the school?
It was called the butcher. All the children were scared of it.
He only had to turn up and it was enough for some of them.
But otherwise it was all happy times.
But yeah, that's right.
And again, it was freedom in the school as well.
You know, your yard or your garden now, or that, when it was a school was unfenced
to those two little streams that could move on one side and until I don't go up the other
under the bridge.
That was unfenced.
And as kids, there's only one teacher in the school.
She'd be having a cup of tea.
And we, all the rest of us just running around like mad fishing with jam jars in the river.
And things. So, you know, it was a good time. We really enjoyed it.
I don't think academically we learned what we needed for preparing us for our secondary school.
Did you catch anything?
Oh, minnows. We used to catch them.
Minnows and little, what do they call them, little fish.
There would always be jam jars on the windowsill in the school with tadpoles in it and minnows
that somebody caught and things like that kind of sitting around.
And of course, in those days, it was heated by a big, was it coal or was it wood?
It was a big kind of dark heater in the room with a chimney going up off it.
And that was the heating.